
To create the backend project we're following the instructions in 
[the Strapi Quick-Start page](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/getting-started/quick-start.html) with some tweaks.

To make it easier to run your project we've updated the package.json file to include
some new commands and install Cypress and a few other packages.  Copy the updated package.json 
into your project and run `npm install` to update your installed packages. 

In the main project directory we'll create a Strapi application in the `backend` sub-directory:

```shell
npx create-strapi-app@latest backend --quickstart
```

Once everything is installed, Strapi will start running.  Later, when you want to run
the Strapi backend you can use the following command from the main project directory:

```shell
npm run backend
```

When Strapi is running, you should get a browser window popping up inviting you to
register an admin user. If not, go to <http://localhost:1337/> to see the Strapi
interface. Create an account for yourself as admin and remember the password.

Use the _Content Type Builder_ in Strapi to create models for each of the data types
outlined in [the data description](data.md): Job, Company, JobApplication.
Note the relational links between these.  Note that you don't need to add the `id` or
`publishedAt` fields as they are generated by Strapi.

Note that the `user` field in `Job Application` is a relation to
`User (from: users-permissions)`.

Set up the permissions on all of your models to allow access by the Public role.
Click on 'Settings' and then select 'Roles'  under the Users and Permissions Plugin.  

* For the Public role, enable the permissions for `find` and `findOne`
for the Jobs, Company and Job Application models.
* For the Authenticated Role, enable __all__ permissions for the Jobs,
Company and Job Application models.

You now need to create a user via the Content Manager tab in the admin panel - note that
you are not creating an Admin user (which is done in the Settings tab).  Create a
user with username `bob`, password `bobalooba` and email `bob@here.com`.

Once your models are set up you can run the `uploadData.js` script which will upload
the sample data to the Strapi backend database.  It does this by sending authenticated
POST requests to the API (using Bob's account you created above). Run
this command from the main project directory:

```shell
npm run sampledata
```

Your Strapi backend is now ready for you to begin the next stage of your project
and connect up your frontend.

